@uppy/xhr-upload: add `'upload-stalled'` event (#4247)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/core.md

})
```

### `upload-stalled`

Fired when an upload is seemingly stalled. Use this event to display a message on the UI to tell the user they might want to retry the upload.

```js
uppy.on('upload-stalled', () => {

>   stallWarning.hidden = false

Reviewer: rather than having pseudo-code, might be nicer to use our notification system as an example.

```suggestion
  uppy.info(`Your upload "${file.meta.name}" has not made any progress for ${timeout} seconds. You may want to retry it.`, 'warning')
```

  uppy.once('progress', () => {

>     stallWarning.hidden = true

Author: ```suggestion
    uppy.info('The upload is no longer stalled')
```

})
```

### `upload-stalled`

> Fired when an upload is seemingly stalled. Use this event to display a message on the UI to tell the user they might want to retry the upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fired when an upload has not received any progress (in `@uppy/xhr-upload`, this is the `timeout` option). Use this event to display a message on the UI to tell the user they might want to retry the upload.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Fired when an upload has not received any progress in some time (in `@uppy/xhr-upload`, the delay is defined by the `timeout` option). Use this event to display a message on the UI to tell the user they might want to retry the upload.
```

```js
uppy.on('upload-stalled', (error, files) => {
  console.log(error, files)
  const uploadProgressHandler = (file) => {
    if (files.includes(file)) {
      uppy.info('The upload is no longer stalled')
      uppy.off('upload-progress', uploadProgressHandler)
    }
  }

>   uppy.on('upload-progress', uploadProgressHandler)

Reviewer: Why do we need to set this handler again?

Author: It's to illustrate how to detect when the upload is no longer stalled.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can add a comment about it. Or actually show an example that informs the user, as that's what we talk about above 

> "Use this event to display a message on the UI to tell the user they might want to retry the upload."

Now it's a bit confusing to me how retrying works together with this.
